mr. Chaddha first of all this directive
was issued by the Gwalior code on the
basis of a brief filed by one of your
channel partners however your first
reaction to the fact that most of these
websites
23:24 of these websites are news
mainstream media news websites it also
includes a government UGC related
commission a UGC commission webpage why
was the need to block these web pages
that's the need because you see public
go to public cluster Times of India
public trust and economic times and if
UGC says something defamatory and
something thats completely false
out of the blue and then Times of India
and et carry it and then when we ask
Times of India to remove it they say
well UGC says so how can we remove it
then all of them got to be removed have
taken them to the court High Court
ordered them to remove that allegation
that they had put on us about being a
fake University I mean which individual
in this country thinks that I IPM is a
university we have never said we are a
university you are in Institute you know
so many Institute's are there in this
country and why don't they send such
notices to them it is because we suspect
that they are acting on behalf of our
competitors exactly two years ago the
magazine the called the caravan had
published and except from the book the
beautiful and the damned price it outta
there there was an injunction or a pass
where the soldier coat in Assam on the
basis of the material in that now the
question arising over here is are you
sensitive to criticism definitely
content there is no question of
criticism please criticize me I have
absolutely no problem you know make
cartoons of me you know it's good
actually for me so I have absolutely no
problem but do not write out there that
is a thief he cheats people or he runs a
fake university those are defamatory and
I will get siddharth they've gained if
required
these were episodes which shall be
blocked are also saying that they were
blocked without any notification without
any intimation from the government side
now do you not think that they also
should have been given a chance to
present they said after all they were
only reporting these news websites or
only reporting what has already come up
from a government agency
look this entire thing happened many
months back
Google was asked to remove
those links you know and then these
websites would have come to know and
then they would have gone but Google
refused to do that
so the code as a second step asked the
government itself to remove those links
those links have been removed if you
think they are not defamatory please go
and contest